>> Kent C. Dodds: So go ahead and
run, npm start exercise.eslint.,
what are we on, 3, 4?
4.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay so with this one,
the test changed slightly.
Now this invalid case that
we just solved for is, or
not all of the invalid cases,
this invalid function that we had,
now it's accepting a second
argument called output.
And if that output is present then
we'll add that to our invalid test.
So part of this tester API,
just to show it less abstracted,
is code like the bad code.
The errors that you expect to see, and
properties from those errors,
and the output.
So ESLint has the capability
of automatically fixing code.
And you as a plug-in
author are responsible for
writing the code to
automatically fix the code, so
doing things like adding or
removing semicolons or spacing.
Adding a block, like that if
statement that we were doing earier,
you could add a block around that,
and so for us, we
don't want people to use console because
we have problems with console in our app.
Instead, we want people to use this
global logger that we have available.
So because it's nice to
have the lint rule so
that we make sure nobody pushes
stuff that is using console.
But it's even better if we
can automatically fix it.
And especially if it's something kind
of simple that we know we're not gonna
break anything, then may as well
just automatically fix it, so
that is your task.
A couple of things.
>> Kent C. Dodds: A couple of things
that you need to make sure or
that I need to make sure
you know about doing this.
So first off, on this meta object here,
You have to provide a property,
called fixable.
And so I'll just type that here fixable.
And you can either put white space or
code.
And I'm not sure what impact that
actually has on anything, but
we're gonna be fixing code,
so just put code in there.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And then from here,
let's see, no, no, no.
Yeah, so from here, you,
on your contacts.report,
you provide a fix function that
accepts a fixer parameter,
and this fixer has some methods
on it to help you fix the code.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And that is documented
in a place that I will show you, fixer,
Applying Fixes.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And here are all
the fixer functions you can call.
I'll just give you a tip,
the one you're gonna call is replace text.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So
here we'll say fixer.replaceText.
You'll pass in the note that you want
to replace and then a string for
what you want to replace it with.
So the node and the string.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Another tip
is this report function, or
the this context report.
We're using it twice and
using it in a pretty similar way.
And our fixer is actually
going to be identical.
And so you could refactor
this a couple different ways.
I see in lots of ESLint plugins,
people will create a report function that
accepts parameters, because often
the report looks exactly the same.
And yeah, so that's what my solution does.
But you could also just create
a fixer function up here and
just pass it along to both
of those report calls.
However you wanna do that.
>> Kent C. Dodds: One last
thing that is kinda sad.
I'm gonna have to make you all do this.
You don't have to if you don't want
to but, well actually two things,
first off AST explorer doesn't
support the fixture function.
So it's not gonna run your fixture
function you won't see that
which is kinda sad.
Pull requests welcome I'm sure.
But ESLint, the test runner,
if your code is different, here, actually
we'll just experience this right now.
Let me run npm start.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So we're getting
a bunch of errors because our fixed code,
actually, we're not
actually fixing anything.
So the code looks exactly the same
after it runs through our fixer.
And so we're getting this error,
output is incorrect, but we're not
seeing what the output looks like.
That's a real bummer.
And ESLint is using Node's assert module,
and
the testing framework we're using is Jest.
And until the next version, just for this
workshop I made a pull request to Jest to
make it support the assert module better.
And the next version is going
to have much nicer output, but
it didn't quite get shipped.
So I will show you how to hack ESLint so
that it will show you what
the code looks like, so
that as you're developing things
it's a little bit better.
Actually, I kinda documented this
in the other directory, /copy.md.
So you'll go to this file,
go to line 532, and paste this code, and
then you'll get better output.
So I'll do that really quick, and
then you can just look at that copy.md.
And we'll find ESLint.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
it's in lib > testers > rule-tester.
It's line 523.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Hold on,
is that right, 532.
There we go.
So it looks like this where
it has the fixed results and
it does this assert.equal, right here.
So right above that assert .equal, you'll
paste that code that I have in the copy.
And then if we rerun the test then
we're gonna see much more much more
useful output.
Which again, the next version of Jest
will show this in an even better way.
So sorry that you have to do that for now.
And next time you install the modules
all this will be blown away,
which is really sad.